hey what's up everyone this is an
unboxing of the acer iconia a 200 tablet
let's get started with a in front of the
box you see a picture of the tablet
itself the name and some more
information on the sides like color the
specs and some more names branding from
Acer after that you get to see if you're
opening it you get to see the Quick
Start Guide I believe with a package
contents information setup information
and parts information then you're
greeted by the tablet itself which
boasts a 10.1 inch screen with a 1280 x
800 resolution on the back it's a
rubberized material and on the side you
get four ports headphone jack microUSB
USB port and the microSD slot hidden on
a plastic cover on the top you get a
microphone and on the side is the
charging cable after that you are
greeted by the warranty information I
believe with your pace or warranty
information which is shrink wrapped in a
in a package I guess then we get to see
the power brick I mean sorry power power
charger which is which plugs into the
right side of the tablet and it's I
think it's using a I don't know what
that is but yep that's the board then
you see the micro USB cable the microUSB
to USB cable which is which can be plug
on the left side of the tablet to your
computer after that you just see the new
zealand port new zealand plug i believe
and which goes right and into the power
brick itself this tablet has
at the moment 3.2 honeycomb software
which is going to be a breathable into
four-point-oh by the NFL brary with its
I believe us release this tablet has a 2
megapixel camera in front which takes
videos and pictures but not in such good
quality what else this has a tegra two
chip and yeah I believe that said
everything that's a bit stay tuned for
more reviews and thanks for watching see
you guys on the next video